#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =

Add your content here.


= Help File =
<code language="xml">
Aardwolf Equipment Exporter 1.05  Help

         Simple Commands

exporter help           - Displays this information page.

exporter all            - Captures all information from your bags, inventory,
                          and worn equipment automatically. Warning this takes
                          a few minutes, as it takes each item out of your bags one by
                          one.  
      
         Options Below Can Used to Capture Only a Portion of Equipment
                                    
exporter <bagid>        - Will export the equipment from the bag with <bagid>.
                          You can find the id by typing "id keyword" (where the
                          bag's keyword is a keyword from the bag). It will be
                          a big number on the line below the Name.
exporter inv            - Will export the equipment in your inventory, but not
                          in a bag
exporter worn           - Will export the equipment you are currently wearing.
exporter clear          - Will clear any equipment data currently imported.
                          Nothing is saved between sessions, this is only used
                          if you want to start over in the same MUSHClient session.
exporter export         - Exports the information to a file when done capturing.

        Just a simple utility function Used by the Plugin's Author
  
exporter portals        - Put portals in the portal bag.
</code> 

= Download and installation. =
  # Download the file from here - [http://a-few-random-aard-plugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Aardwolf_Equipment_Exporter.xml].
  # Save the file to your Muschlient Install folder.  I recommend creating a sub-folder inside the plugins folder called something like "My Plugins." This makes it easier to move to a new install of Mushclient, by just moving that folder.
  # Go to MUSHclient's File menu, select 'Plugins' (Shift+Ctrl+P), and then click on the 'Add' button. Choose the appropriate plugin file from the file browser.