= Introduction =
A simple plugin to send any remote socials to your chat window, including remote socials you do on others.

= Download and installation. =
  # Download the file from here - [http://a-few-random-aard-plugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Aardwolf_Rsocial_Capture.xml].
  # Save the file to your Muschlient Install folder.  I recommend creating a sub-folder inside the plugins folder called something like "My Plugins." This makes it easier to move to a new install of Mushclient, by just moving that folder.
  # Go to MUSHclient's File menu, select 'Plugins' (Shift+Ctrl+P), and then click on the 'Add' button. Choose the appropriate plugin file from the file browser.

 MessageGaggerOverview  \
= Help File =
<code language="xml">
<=================== ACTIONS ===================>
gagger help                   --> Displays this message.                                 
gagger info                   --> Displays basic info on the plugin.
gagger off/on                 --> Toggles the gagging on/off.
gagger <deity>                --> Sets the deity as listed in
                                > claninfo and appearing in many
                                > spellup messages.							 
	
</code> 

= Editing the messages to be gagged =
A good deal of spellup messages are pre-loaded in the txt file downloaded using the directions below.  To add a message just copy and paste the entire message, one per line, onto a new line.  If you use <deity> it will automatically replace <deity> with the deity string you setup in the plugin.

= Download and installation. =
  # Download the plugin file from here - [http://a-few-random-aard-plugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Aardwolf_Message_Gagger.xml].
  # Save the file to your Muschlient Install folder.  I recommend creating a sub-folder inside the plugins folder called something like "My Plugins." This makes it easier to move to a new install of Mushclient, by just moving that folder.
  # Download the file containing the messages to gag from here - [http://code.google.com/p/a-few-random-aard-plugins/svn/trunk/messages_to_gag.txt]
  # Save the .txt file to your Muschlient Install folder.  It must be in the same folder as the mushclient.exe file.
  # Go to MUSHclient's File menu, select 'Plugins' (Shift+Ctrl+P), and then click on the 'Add' button. Choose the appropriate plugin file from the file browser.
